so, layout wise what is a class?

  just a struct with more semantics?

  class Name {
    // members
  };

  is roughly equal to 

  struct Name {
    // members
  };

  member functions are lowered to regular functions 
  with an additional this pointer. 

  and layout can be inherited from the definitions of other 
  classes. which that is akin to doing an prepend to the list 
  of members from the perspective of layout.

  if you want multiple inheritance then you need some way 
  of trimming/not-adding-in-the-first-place the additions
  when you run into the double inheritance diamond.

  you can store classes on the stack like structs,
  you can store classes on the heap like structs,
  you can pass classes by value like structs, 
  you can return classes by value like structs,

  the only special feature is virtual methods,
  which by way of a look up table per class 
  (each class instance? each class within the heirarchy?
  one for the whole class heirarchy?),
  tells the compiler (somehow) which function to call when 
  you apply a virtual method.

  my first instinct is to say that since any virtual method 
  which is inhereited by a given class has the same function 
  signature, you can simply store a different address inside 
  of the same pointer slot for a given member of a class heirarchy,
  which implies that each instance of a class has a table of it's 
  virtual members functions layed down in memory.


  what would it mean to simply allow any free function 
  which defines as it's first parameter a pointer to some 
  class to be a member function of that class? and the 
  reverse, to allow any member function to be called like 
  a free function, given the class as the first argument?
  how does one resolve which function to call, query the 
  namespace for free functions, then if that turns up empty 
  query the class member namespace for member functions?
  and visa-versa for member call syntax


what if we give some syntax to export the public interface of a member 
of a class/structure into the current scope.
that is we could have a private member and with a single keyword simply 
export all it's member functions as if they were member functions 
of the containing structure/class operating over that data member.

then you could compose together classes into larger structures while maintaining 
the interface of each member object. Saving on writing out all functions explicitly
each time. This both saves time, and effort, but is also less bug prone because you 
are sure you are exporting the entire public interface each time, and if the member 
object changes, you don't have to edit the source file of the containing object for 
the parent object to keep up with the changes, allowing for ease of maintainability.